my first question for you today is about
Thanksgiving traditions and I know for
my family we do the same thing sort of
every year so what traditions do you
have my Thanksgiving traditions are
fairly straightforward I mean I cook
Thanksgiving every year at my house and
I usually have about 40 or 50 people in
my apartment half of which I don't know
anymore
we don't even send the invitations
people just kind of show up at this
point it's a really it's a really fun
day so it's and it truly is a tradition
at my house and then I cook a a themed
Thanksgiving so it could be Louisiana it
could be a California style Thanksgiving
last year we did a northern Italian
style Thanksgiving and so this year I
haven't decided what I'm gonna do but
I'm taking any suggestions but then what
happens every year no matter what the
theme is after we eat dinner after we
have dessert and of course the football
is sort of playing on mute on all the
TVs we have men versus women Trivial
Pursuit and then we actually have a
trophy that we pass back and forth every
year and it gets really really ugly I
mean it's very competitive I mean people
are like dug in I think my suggestion is
that you should do some sort of Indian
curry style good idea you know what I
think I'm gonna do that you'll have to
let me know you know because what what I
do is you know I mean I love those
flavors and I like big flavors and so
you know the idea is that it still looks
like Thanksgiving like we still do
Turkey and I still do all the side
dishes but they're flavored with like
for instance like last year I did a
cranberry sauce but it had Campari in it
and grapefruit you know so it had an O
so it had those Italian flavors but
that's a that's a really terrific idea I
like that
love those Indian spices and then do you
have a favorite way to prepare the
turkey well I cooked the turkey very
simply I put it in the oven I mean I put
it in a roasting pan i seasoned it very
well with salt and pepper and depending
on what the
is like last year when I did the Italian
the northern Italian style one you know
I I cooked it with roasted lemons and
roasted garlic and lots of fresh
rosemary so I all those flavors flavors
sort of permeated the turkey itself but
you know as far as cooking it I what I
do is is I just put it in a roasting pan
with some vegetables and some herbs and
then I I put a lots of chicken stock on
the bottom so it creates steam so that
so that the moisture continues and I rub
it with a lot of butter and then the
butter melts into the into the chicken
stock and I baste it with that liquid
like every 20 or 30 minutes I eat your
turkey thanks good do you have any
foolproof turkey tips as far as like how
long to let it rest or you know is it
best to start with a room-temperature
bird or yes you should yeah good good
point you should definitely let the bird
get to room temperature of course of
course if it's frozen to frost it but
even if it's defrosted and it's in the
refrigerator
you should definitely bring it to room
temperature so it cooks evenly and you
know and other than that I just kind of
fire away basically the other thing you
can think about is is utilizing if you
if you if the tif the breast has already
cooked and it's nice and crispy and it's
cooked all the way through and the legs
aren't cooked what you could do is you
could take the turkey out and take off
the legs and the thighs and leave the
breast intact let that rest and then you
put the legs and the thighs back into
that sort of broth that you've created
with the chicken stock and the butter
and cover it and then basically you'd be
braising the legs so they get really
tender and the dark meat will get cooked
all the way through I've never heard of
that before
at our house our favorite side dish for
Thanksgiving is green bean casserole
right we've gotten a bit finicky about
using fresh green beans and real cream
and making our fried onions from scratch
so what is your favorite turkey
Thanksgiving side dish
well one of the side dishes I like to do
is a is mashed potatoes with queso and
green chiles queso sauce my wife is from
Texas so they talk about queso and queso
in Texas means basically a cheese sauce
and so I make a sauce out of a really
luscious cheese sauce and then I roast
poblano chiles and I roast them and peel
them and seed them and then I chop up
the green chiles and I put it in the
queso sauce and then I make some really
rich mashed potatoes very silky and
smooth and I put them in a bowl and then
I make a well in the middle of the
potatoes and I pour the green chili
queso sauce in the middle and basically
that becomes a story the entire show
yeah I've never seen anyone put cheese
sauce in the potatoes it's the way to do
it you know it's Thanksgiving calories
are not to be counted and then what
about for leftovers do you do anything
special with your leftovers well I'm
actually I'm actually making this dish
right now I know if you can see me in
that but I'm making this dish right now
where I take turkey breast that's
already roasted from the night before
instead of just making a sandwich what I
do is I it's almost sort of like a
Milanese style turkey you can you can
make a sandwich out of it or salad out
of it we can just serve it you know
plain on its own rather and what I do is
I take three ingredients some Dijon
mustard some Hellmann's and and then
some spices salt pepper maybe some
cayenne and I brush the I breath the
with with that mixture and then what I
do is I put I make a mixture of panko
breadcrumbs and some salt and pepper and
a little bit of fresh parsley or
whatever herbs you have around and I put
it into a saute pan and I let it get
crispy and crusty on one side the side
that has the the crust on it and the
whole thing literally takes about two
and a half three minutes cuz remember
the turkeys already cooked and then and
then you know I flip it over and I'm
actually putting this recipe up against
- Rhett two other recipes on the on the
turkey challenge at home accom is a
there's two recipes and basically if you
vote you you have a chance to to win a
gift certificate for 250 bucks so you
know it's worth it you actually can get
your
higher Thanksgiving meal paid for I'll
have to check it out yeah definitely
and then lastly it's one thing you're
thankful for this year
one thing I'm thankful for this year I'm
thankful that people still want to come
out to restaurants and and and and have
a great dining experience I mean that's
you know I've been in the restaurant
business for a long time and and every
day I I never I never take it for
granted that I'm gonna open the doors
and people gonna show up so I'm always
grateful for that but you know the
economy has been a little rough the last
few years so um I'm very grateful and
very thankful that people are still
coming out to dinner all right well
thank you my pleasure